Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Oh,
Brian Riley: Can you hear me.
Yep.
Brian Riley: Holy cow, sorry again.
Helena Rouhe: No worries. I actually have a lot of random stuff including a puppy eating a dog bed in those few moments. So, all without to have a little time to deal with all that nonsense.
Brian Riley: Perfect, yeah, I'd, you know, an earlier in the day.
Brian Riley: I even thought about canceling but
Brian Riley: It made more sense to
Brian Riley: Meet I
Brian Riley: Esters in Santa Cruz.
Brian Riley: And that instantly gives me
Brian Riley: You know the
Brian Riley: Feeling that I should, you know, be
Brian Riley: behave the way I use you know that instinctual. Whoo, feeling and
Brian Riley: You know fucking cancel everything and
Brian Riley: You know obsessed in my own space and all that shit and
Brian Riley: Yeah, I wouldn't have felt right you know
Helena Rouhe: So you recognize the a reaction, but didn't engage the reaction.
Brian Riley: Yeah, and good
Brian Riley: Yeah, and it's good. What's, what's
Brian Riley: What's good is that we can talk about this, this thing that is
Brian Riley: Constant I that the way that
Brian Riley: The way I kind of think of it is, um,
Brian Riley: There's a few
Brian Riley: You know, and I guess.
Brian Riley: I guess, I guess.
Brian Riley: Best. Think of it and talk about it in terms of like what I've learned in a day.
Brian Riley: Or, you know, things that I've heard, which is
Brian Riley: You know, and this kind of gives it a general
Brian Riley: You know names to things and feelings and whatever, but
Brian Riley: Like it said that
Brian Riley: You know, as you
Brian Riley: Work on your defects.
Brian Riley: Whatever step that is that the defects will be removed.
Brian Riley: That
Brian Riley: A day will fly or you will fight with yourself and that no, hold on.
Brian Riley: Um, and
Brian Riley: And I guess that's kind of what I'm, what I'm feeling like a few things.
Brian Riley: Like this feeling that started today.
Brian Riley: Around two
Brian Riley: And I don't know if we've talked about it before but
Brian Riley: I think we did when I was little, it would be on. Yeah, we have talked about this, it was on Sundays.
Brian Riley: And it was that it was a creepy.
Brian Riley: Sort of
Brian Riley: I think a term for it is impending doom, which I think is too strong for what this is now because I know what that is. And it's not. And it's, you know what, in early sobriety. It was a feeling of
Brian Riley: The other shoe drop or, you know, whatever. Um,
Brian Riley: And like, you know, I've worked on all of that, you know, through the years and years, especially the last couple of years and
Brian Riley: And still, it's there. And I don't know what it is.
Brian Riley: Well, what I understand it to be.
Brian Riley: Is, you know, and I referred good for a long time as a little spot of shadow
Brian Riley: That just refuses to
Brian Riley: get absorbed by
Brian Riley: Yay, a better fucking you know like what it comes down to it, really, honestly, like right now in my conscious mind. My understanding is there is really nothing to worry at all like I
Brian Riley: I'm there's justification.
Brian Riley: For me,
Brian Riley: At this moment.
Brian Riley: To be completely happy.
Brian Riley: With not like
Brian Riley: A bad feeling in the world.
Brian Riley: But then the next second there's this little thing.
Brian Riley: And it's fucking struggle. It's so crazy. Does it make sense.
Brian Riley: What
Brian Riley: Thoughts
Brian Riley: Do
Helena Rouhe: Well, I mean it's, I think you hit the nail on the head. This is something that you've been struggling with since you were a little kid.
Helena Rouhe: And there was a element of safety, your reaction to safety, you know, the primal fear concern that turns into anxiety that turns into fear that turns into anger that turns into rebellion and
Helena Rouhe: You know you tie all those primal emotions into something and you're going to have to use your adult brain to
Helena Rouhe: Work yourself out of it. Just keep it in check. And you practice that enough times, and then it becomes less of a problem, especially if you're not using substances or something else is going to antagonize the drama.
Brian Riley: That's your answer. So what what
Helena Rouhe: Did you catch anything. I just
Brian Riley: I was
Brian Riley: Sitting
Helena Rouhe: So this is these feelings are attached to a very young part of yourself. Yes. So the young part of yourself, you know, any young part of ourselves comes from a place of am I safe. Yeah. Do I need to
Helena Rouhe: Make myself safe and if I have to make myself it safe. Then I'm going to be pissed off, angry, upset because as a young person I shouldn't have to do that the people who are in charge of me should do that.
Helena Rouhe: So if the answer to. Am I safe, whether it's true or not. If the perception of safety is no
Helena Rouhe: Not safe.
Brian Riley: So you right away that it's a safety issue a security thing.
Helena Rouhe: Well, any childhood connection is going to always start with safety.
Helena Rouhe: Because we need to know that our primal needs are met, which is are we safe. Are we fed or water or we sheltered. Are we comfortable, all of that as a part of safety. So basic needs aren't being met or not being met, to the degree that help you feel comfortable and safe.
Helena Rouhe: You know, then they're either not consistent or they're held over you or it's a chaotic life you know if there's some element of it. That doesn't feel safe.
Helena Rouhe: Because the environment doesn't feel safe or something about the environment as until, say, then we're going to react to that and we're going to be pissed off or upset or fearful or all of the above.
Helena Rouhe: And then have our own ways of managing those feelings and and either. We're going to internalize them and take them out of ourselves or we're going to externalize them and take them out on it.
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: This has been kind of coming up a lot of meetings.
Brian Riley: And I guess it always has been. I've been hearing it more
Brian Riley: Okay, and
Brian Riley: I'm like, when I talk with my sponsor or when I talk with anybody.
Brian Riley: About a relapse, or really
Brian Riley: I say what I know and and is that there's these three things that I must have in place.
Brian Riley: To best present
Brian Riley: And what that's communication with my sponsor meetings.
Brian Riley: And some sort of service.
Brian Riley: And so
Brian Riley: And that's just like nothing. I know.
Brian Riley: My sponsor.
Brian Riley: He from the time he came into the room. She was always very interested in why people like he's never really spoke from a very like the first couple months.
Brian Riley: He was always blown away and always like really intrigued as to how somebody 25 years and go back this is good stories exploring this story, he tells his sponsor gay man. Not long ago, asked me, so he did and
Brian Riley: And he's done this through the years and he always figures out the same thing.
Brian Riley: Nice. I'm listening to them. I'm filling in the blank and he says there's three things. And I'm like, I know, I know you know your sponsors, like I already know that. And he says,
Brian Riley: He stopped going to meetings.
Brian Riley: He stopped talking to sponsor.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: He failed to increase
Brian Riley: Or he failed to
Brian Riley: Nourish or whatever his spiritual condition.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: There was a guy at a meeting a couple weeks ago and he said in no uncertain terms. It was as if something he just knew, and there was no question about he just said, you know, like not consider any he just is the thing, you know, and he said that
Brian Riley: He wished he knew from the beginning.
Brian Riley: That what the answer is because he knows the answer now and that is
Brian Riley: His relationship with God.
Brian Riley: And I don't know, I'm not saying one way or another. That's the answer. Whatever. It's part of the answer or whatever.
Brian Riley: But
Brian Riley: I am starting to believe more
Brian Riley: That my
Brian Riley: Ultimate
Brian Riley: happiness and contentment.
Brian Riley: Is somehow tied in
Brian Riley: With the stronger bond with my higher
Brian Riley: What are your thoughts.
Helena Rouhe: Well, it goes back to safety. Again, if we feel like we're grounded in something, if we're part of something bigger than ourselves.
Helena Rouhe: Then we have something to ground us connect us be accountable to some other piece to the puzzle. If it's all about us and we are supposed to ground ourselves, unless somebody has a very strong ego strength and they are very kind of
Helena Rouhe: Self involved.
Helena Rouhe: They tend to people tend to flounder, because we don't do well being grounded in ourselves, we do need to have accountability. We are typically a social creature
Helena Rouhe: That needs to be accountable to a bigger picture and then it's up to each of us to identify what that bigger picture. It is that the rooms of that nature, is it God, you know, you have to decide that, but then being accountable to that gives you again that that
Helena Rouhe: The opportunity to be a child. Again, if you will, or something that you are connected to that will provide safety and grounding to you in a way that we otherwise wouldn't find
Brian Riley: I just, I gotta grab my phone because I'm waiting for pickup.
Brian Riley: I'm
Helena Rouhe: Using headphones so because so that you're not having your session go out into the universe, are you okay
Brian Riley: I'm totally alone. Okay, I'm in the yard.
Brian Riley: Unless it makes you more comfortable. I mean, I know there's no
Helena Rouhe: No, it's your, your session.
Brian Riley: Yeah, there's a she's gonna be pulling up. I'm probably gonna have to excuse myself for one minute to pass the dog.
Brian Riley: Okay, yeah. Something I got thinking that's so that's that's where a lot of my thinking has been has been, um, I would say, mainly though.
Brian Riley: But what I really been
Brian Riley: Working on
Brian Riley: And I'm like, wanting to use a different word than working in trying to just
Brian Riley: Be easy and kind with myself.
Brian Riley: As opposed to how are used to
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: I think we talked about this before, like all of these things over the past couple of years that I've that I've tried to set an emotion and it feels as if the time has come, you know now to just let it happen.
Brian Riley: And it's so far it's
Brian Riley: Good. What I'm finding is
Brian Riley: My days start out very strong
Brian Riley: And I think I'm able to
Brian Riley: Because by the end of the day.
Brian Riley: If there's there's times rattling really fearful of the night.
Brian Riley: Because where I go.
Brian Riley: Meant
Brian Riley: I could get very upset. Very down and start drilling a hole in
Brian Riley: You know my fucking my confidence in life and all that.
Brian Riley: And it's, it's all tied into
Brian Riley: And there's no way around it.
Brian Riley: Creative thing and
Brian Riley: A
Brian Riley: Couple weeks ago I think of rumors around my birthday. You know, I really said it was and what the fuck is what would it. What is, what is that I wanted to do.
Brian Riley: That not why, what do I need to do what, what, what is it that I need to do what you know like enough is enough. What the fuck do I need to do here, you know, and
Brian Riley: I'm just, I need to create these things.
Brian Riley: And I've been having a feeling that
Brian Riley: I want to do more of them.
Brian Riley: And so
Brian Riley: I need to get it done. I just, I need to get it done and I need to get it done early in the day.
Brian Riley: And show for the rest of the day. I'm free. If I want to do more. I could do more if I don't want to do anything. It doesn't matter because I already did. When I fucking, you know, so every day. I have writing for 30 minutes
Brian Riley: Editing
Brian Riley: For 30 minutes illustrating either 30 minutes or three illustrations square and then reading my own material.
Brian Riley: For 30 minutes it's fucking two hours a day.
Brian Riley: Right and
Brian Riley: That is reasonable.
Brian Riley: Like, that's the minimum
Brian Riley: You know where
Brian Riley: I fight with like my whole day should be right, but I know that that's just not possible.
Brian Riley: And it's not even possible for me meant like I just I can't. I want. I'm not gonna do it like
Brian Riley: When I when I did that through that year. And I was, you know, I got published and it's like, I know I have no doubts about being published and all that stuff.
Brian Riley: But I mean, I was getting a lot of shit done. I got a lot that I was crazy. I was miserable, and I was just constantly tormented by it and sitting there for hours and writing it down on post this. My time is like, I'm not. I'm just not. I'm not gonna I refuse to do it.
Brian Riley: But I'm insisting, so I'm like putting things on myself.
Brian Riley: And I'm training my schedule so that
Brian Riley: And it's actually working like I really wanted
Brian Riley: Like I really want to write. And so I look forward to it and
Brian Riley: And I schedule it during the day between my walks and
Brian Riley: I've been walking in writing, which works out. Point being,
Brian Riley: Talking about defects that are holding on.
Brian Riley: I'm still fighting with getting those things.
Brian Riley: If I failed myself.
Brian Riley: And I think having that
Helena Rouhe: Well, I mean, last time we met you seem to be in a much more kind of several places, this and that you were okay with kind of going with the flow, if you will. And you felt like
Helena Rouhe: Things are kind of moving along, and everything's okay and now it's sounding like you're getting a bit more regimented in your thought process. And are you rebelling against the need to be regimented like it's
Helena Rouhe: Like you were okay with it. But now you feel like you're not doing enough. So now you need to be this, this and this and if you don't do that, you're a bad person.
Helena Rouhe: So, I mean, again, it sounds a little bit like if we go from a big picture standpoint.
Helena Rouhe: A little kid rebelling and kind of beating themselves up. So life is good and everything's cruising along and now the sudden you get a regimented parents in there and says, if you're not doing the right things you're, you know, do this, or else
Helena Rouhe: And now, listen, you're a bad guy and you're gonna get in trouble.
Brian Riley: But I know
Brian Riley: There's there's things that it always comes back and
Brian Riley: I know. And I have to admit to myself that I will not be happy.
Brian Riley: If I do not create and express myself creatively.
Why
Helena Rouhe: Why do I have to be so regimented
Brian Riley: Because if I don't do it.
Brian Riley: I fucking hate myself. So then I'm going to fix that by fucking making myself do it like I have to do that.
Helena Rouhe: Or you're in a power struggle.
Brian Riley: And guess
Brian Riley: Because, and this, and this goes back to what we were talking about last time. Like if I fucking get an inch. I'll take a mile. And so then I'll fall fucking I, you know, and it's like I have to be
Helena Rouhe: I mean, I thought, why not
Helena Rouhe: Check on a bigger. I mean, so we're still kind of pushing on a string here, you know, reacting the symptoms as opposed to the bigger picture, which is
Helena Rouhe: Maybe you're tired, you know, like maybe there's other reasons why you're not doing something that day. Why does it have to be do this or else you know give yourself an inch. You take a mile. I mean, this is all really negative judgmental reactionary stuff that you're having here.
Brian Riley: Good tired to what you know.
Helena Rouhe: Well, I mean, tired, you're tired. I mean, I don't you still
Helena Rouhe: I guess what I, what is your biggest fear about all of this that you're just going to somehow turn into a little slots in the side of the corner and just shut down completely. You're not going to be able to do your job as far as managing the dog thing, you're not going to be able to
Brian Riley: Let me know. So there's zero concern about the dog. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Well then. So what I mean.
Helena Rouhe: The whole point of creativity is that you give it space to be what it needs to be. So that means that they're going to be times when you're super creative and it feels like it's almost 24 seven
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and then they're going to be times when it's going to be barely anything. And that's part of the process. And if you're trying to regiment creativity. You're always going to fail me not to be an ass but
Brian Riley: That's always going to be a challenge.
Brian Riley: Because I mean, I've seen again and again like writers or whoever always say that, you know,
Brian Riley: Every day, you do not feel fucking creative and brilliant every day. And that's when it comes down to labor and that's when it comes down to discipline.
Brian Riley: So you do it regardless
Helena Rouhe: Why well i think i mean i get that I've certainly heard that, but
Helena Rouhe: I just think that for your personality that's going to set you up for
Helena Rouhe: Problems.
Yeah, I
Helena Rouhe: Mean, you're already struggling with it.
Brian Riley: Oh, is really, I just really wanted to come to a thing where I'm as happy with.
Brian Riley: It's a daily
Brian Riley: Daily and I
Brian Riley: Don't have an expectation of what
Brian Riley: That's part of my life, I guess, right.
Helena Rouhe: Exactly. I think you're always going to be a bidding day because that's your very nature. Yeah, I think that's the thing that kind of drives you so you want to be not angsty, I think that over time you'll just you're less saying, See now than you were a year ago. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So, I mean, over time, it's going to settle down and until then.
Helena Rouhe: You just got to trust the process and you know maybe instead of being dropped dead. You have to do it every day, maybe look at once a week mean if you're, you know, if you really sit down and you're struggling that week. Why does it have to be
Helena Rouhe: You know, yes or no. Do this, or else you know, anytime you get into a power struggle with yourself, you're setting yourself up for failure. It's like
Helena Rouhe: You know, Esther, Lisa. Now I've got
Helena Rouhe: Thing off kind of attitude. You know, you don't. You didn't do that. So it's the same kind of thing of, oh, I'm not feeling this today. Well, it's okay to not feel it today, but that also doesn't mean you need to never feel it again.
Helena Rouhe: Like if you take a break for a day or a week. Now, if you have a few have a deadline for something that's different, but if these are just projects that you're working on or working towards something then respect the process a little bit
Brian Riley: Well, I guess what I am.
Helena Rouhe: Very nature.
Brian Riley: What I what I fear is that
Brian Riley: I've always
Brian Riley: Not always. Well, yeah, it's, it's been like, there's been
Brian Riley: You know the show or
Brian Riley: The fucking
Brian Riley: Yeah, like the the event or the, you know, I know that there's not
Brian Riley: I just I think with
Brian Riley: And I always think about my, my friends and people I've known through the years, who completely stop and just let it go, and all those dreams and it's okay. I think it's just a slight fear that I will just
Brian Riley: Which is the
Brian Riley: Chance to
Brian Riley: Like, I mean I physically and mentally cannot like whenever I'm
Brian Riley: Watching anything or there's inspiration and I'm not quite sure what I'm going to do with it. But it's you know it's there. And so I must do something with it and i like i know i must create
Brian Riley: Hold on. This woman is here. Let me just, I got to what mushy Nico Nico look
Helena Rouhe: Oh, Qt
Brian Riley: Really nice.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Wow.
Brian Riley: So there's mountains here. Hold on one second. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: Okay, so yeah, you've helped
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: You know, and I always think of
Brian Riley: You know, you said this thing one time.
Brian Riley: And I always think of it when
Brian Riley: You know, like I've never done this long term. So, and I really just don't know what to expect, you know and and
Brian Riley: I've been actually wrote it down earlier as the thing that burn, you know, as they do.
Brian Riley: Just have to try to have just really
Brian Riley: This is kind of a letter saying I
Brian Riley: Have zero expectations, except for what's expected of me.
Helena Rouhe: Like it
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, I'm trying to. That's right.
Helena Rouhe: So maybe you need to have that written down somewhere, something will you can refer to that on a regular basis to see you have the visual accountability to it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Other than that I received a real real nice letter. And I got to reply to her handwritten letter.
Brian Riley: With
Brian Riley: She knows
Brian Riley: I was dying.
Brian Riley: With all these
Brian Riley: For scripts prescriptions.
Brian Riley: She gave me
Brian Riley: She wrote up this individual.
Brian Riley: You
Helena Rouhe: Know,
Brian Riley: She was sure the new
Brian Riley: Would you know but she knew I would be freaking out. And so she dated these scriptures stack of prescription for my medications funny.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and
Brian Riley: Yeah, there's great
Brian Riley: saga.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: Other than that, I'm trying
Brian Riley: To be a fucking man about this and
Brian Riley: It's ruining my little vacation. Here I fucking don't like that men's me. I don't like I don't want to go. I don't want to go with, and it's
Brian Riley: Been
Brian Riley: But the fucking one of my sponsor wants me to be my home group. And these are the guys that saved his life and he's the fucking Secretary at the thing and he's insisting I go and so
Brian Riley: That we talked about this. I think maybe you know I was with Dr. Waters, I went
Brian Riley: After the relapse. This last time suck, because I had to raise my hand.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: It's not in my head.
Brian Riley: You know, and I can't talk to my sponsor about it because it's in my head.
Brian Riley: And the judging from
Brian Riley: Fuel
Brian Riley: Oh, and they just did.
Brian Riley: And it was like I got out of it. So quick because I was gonna, I was gonna
Brian Riley: If anybody said fucking stupid, stupid thing.
Brian Riley: It's just there's certain personality types that I don't care for in there.
Brian Riley: And a good number of America.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: He there was no question about it. I'm going tonight.
Brian Riley: Chill out
Helena Rouhe: What, what do we do to manage impossible situation.
Brian Riley: I just fucking there's a ton of it now. What would, what do you
Helena Rouhe: What do you do to manage impossible situations when you
Helena Rouhe: Find yourself really irritated. You tell me. Do you breathe, do you, what do you do to kind of manage something super annoying. Okay, so lots of deep breathing. Find the positive, even if it's really small. You're alive, you're breathing.
Helena Rouhe: Me, it's going to come down to, you know, really small things in order to keep yourself engaged in the process. So you don't just fixate on the negative
Helena Rouhe: Because fixating on the negative doesn't isn't going to make it any different for you.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, some
Brian Riley: Things.
Brian Riley: I
Brian Riley: Surprised myself.
Brian Riley: With this and
Brian Riley: I'm trying not to overthink live done it.
Brian Riley: But it's helped I
Brian Riley: For really from the beginning. During the day, walking dogs in between trips I listened to.
Brian Riley: And it's come, it's more complex than
Brian Riley: In the beginning, I listened to it.
Brian Riley: Out of just shock and then I listened to it for a fuller picture of everything. And now I
Brian Riley: I admire him.
Brian Riley: And it has really changed. I think it's given me a broader on. I've never been political
Brian Riley: I've never been a feeling of a part of the society and over whatever but I listened to fuckin worshipping
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: After him there's basically talk radio it's it's it's low on the dial FM Todd talks.
Brian Riley: And so it's news every half hour.
Brian Riley: And it was getting pretty fucking crazy. There was, I was at a stoplight and every day. The virus was getting more and was like a horror film.
Brian Riley: Again and again and again it was that scene where it's on the radio and are talking about the corn in and with, you know, you know, and I'm there was a guy in a mask fucking face mask pedestrian no mask and it was like it all came together as horrifying reality.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: So I stopped listening I drive it sounds
Brian Riley: Or I drive with
Brian Riley: Music that I like.
Brian Riley: That gets me creatively. I've been doing a lot of visual
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: Which I used to do. Years ago for screenplays specifically working whatever I can see scenes and the whole thing and I would develop things around that and I've been doing that and actually playing Eric
Brian Riley: And I pulled out an old thing from LA, and I made a playlist. And I just, just sort of like developing this project like driving and
Brian Riley: I don't know what the fuck is going on. I know in the world. That's it. I've shut it out.
Brian Riley: I don't know. I don't know where the viruses. I don't know the status of
Brian Riley: I'm I imagine the one time that I turned it back on.
Brian Riley: The synchronicity was insane. It was the governor of California announcing its states state of emergency.
Brian Riley: We're losing business.
Brian Riley: People's travels or they cancelled or changed. I
Brian Riley: Used to I used to be really, really scared of potential viruses stuff, you know,
Brian Riley: And I think that's part of it and
Brian Riley: I'm in denial
Helena Rouhe: Even as well. So we've gotten ramped up a little bit on the whole power struggle control thing because you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed by the environment right now so
Helena Rouhe: Getting kind of crank step on your internal environment and kind of exerting more control on that because that feels like you have something to do or say
Brian Riley: Yeah, that's
Brian Riley: So interesting
Yeah.
Brian Riley: It feels like
Brian Riley: It's a balance.
Brian Riley: And I refused to struggle, keeping it felt
Brian Riley: Like, I'm not going to fight to keep
Brian Riley: The balance. I'm going to
Brian Riley: Understand
Brian Riley: That
Brian Riley: There is a balance and when it is off balance. I'm going to look at my partner.
Brian Riley: If I have a partner, it will
Brian Riley: Own that and
Brian Riley: Do my part in
Brian Riley: reestablishing the balance.
Brian Riley: But otherwise, I'm not going to suffer.
Brian Riley: And I'm not going to fight.
Brian Riley: It, you know, and that's that's it all comes down to turning it over and acceptance.
Helena Rouhe: All that, you know,
Right.
Brian Riley: Yeah, it's good.
Brian Riley: I've been meditating. I've been trying to do everything was still at like warm
Okay.
Brian Riley: It's just sitting quiet and breathing. Yeah, that's good.
Brian Riley: That's a big deal or
And
Helena Rouhe: I like it.
Helena Rouhe: So can we talk about group for a second.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So Dr. Waters, because she's leaving, we are transferring people over to the next available, Doc, who is great. It's Dr. Debbie
Helena Rouhe: PACHTER and I worked with him since the beginning. And he's fantastic he cannot hear what he has other things going on on Wednesday. So we have to move the group to Mondays at seven.
Brian Riley: OK. OK.
Helena Rouhe: That's actually starting next week. So I do have group tomorrow, but he but then we'll switch the group over to Mondays at seven.
So,
Brian Riley: Good.
Helena Rouhe: You can still see i think that at some point staff is going to reach out for you to meet Dr. PACHTER so that you guys can meet each other and he can get a sense of your situation and follow up with all of your needs. So I'm not saying that you have to come to group either
Helena Rouhe: Tomorrow, or even Monday, but whenever you are, you know,
Helena Rouhe: You'll probably be meeting with him. Pretty soon.
Helena Rouhe: If they haven't reached out to you already, they will. And the next, you know, couple of weeks you'll meet with him.
Helena Rouhe: So just know that the group is going to be starting on Mondays at seven o'clock and he'll be there. So you're welcome to
Helena Rouhe: Meet him next week. If you don't already have an individual session set up with him, or you can wait till the individual session if you're good, which sounds like you're good on meds. I know Dr. Waters willing to make sure you're squared away.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, so if that's not a big concern, then you can also wait until you meet with them for an individual session and then join group. It's totally up to you.
Brian Riley: Okay, I think I'm fairly sure no I didn't write it down. But I'm fairly sure that we have a
Brian Riley: couple's session with Sean and
Helena Rouhe: And that's why I didn't want to say this is something you have to do right now because I wanted to be, you know, good with the whole situation so
Brian Riley: Okay. So in the end, you're saying that I'm going to hear from him, regardless
Helena Rouhe: In the end, I'm saying that you're going to hear from staff.
Brian Riley: To set up an appointment to meet with him.
Helena Rouhe: Alright, cool. And if you already have a conflict with
Brian Riley: Group.
Helena Rouhe: FOR MONDAY THE 16th and don't worry about the 16th, but maybe put it on your calendar for the following week, which is
Helena Rouhe: Probably the
Helena Rouhe: 2030
Okay.
Brian Riley: Okay, what time
Helena Rouhe: 7pm.
Brian Riley: Okay. All right. And then when do you want to meet again.
Helena Rouhe: So we can do that.
Helena Rouhe: So if you have a couple special with Sean next week and
Helena Rouhe: While we we've been doing it every three weeks, right, that every three weeks. So three weeks from we're going to be literal about that three weeks from today would be the 31st. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So we can do that that work. Yeah.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: It's
Brian Riley: Fine.
Helena Rouhe: 30 or no.
Brian Riley: Yeah, six possible
Helena Rouhe: I can do six
Brian Riley: Okay, let's do it. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So our next individual session will be six o'clock. Yeah. On
Helena Rouhe: TUESDAY, MARCH 31
Helena Rouhe: And potentially plan for attending group on Monday, the 23rd.
Helena Rouhe: At 7pm.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, and then you should be hearing from staffs in to kind of set up a time to meet with our factor if you don't hear from them. By the end of this week, then I would go ahead and ask them, or maybe when you check in for your session was shot on the 16th.
Helena Rouhe: You can ask them if they have them if they can set up an appointment with you to meet with Dr. Factor and they don't need to do it right then. But just as something to put in everybody's he'll
Brian Riley: get that done.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Cool. So we have a plan.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: All right.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Any other questions, concerns for me.
Brian Riley: Nothing I can think
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Well, good luck.
Helena Rouhe: Focus on the positive, even if it's really lead for this lovely meeting.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and I'll see you in a couple of weeks.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, take care.
Brian Riley: Thanks you soon. Okay, bye. But